very good everyone is worth here spain
furyk or mola villeta moneta 5 I come to
bring a new news and it's that I
you are asking on twitter for
facebook time full ipod and follow me on
twitter and tell you endorsements that you are
asking furyk has disappeared me
police clothes
rockstar is a lawyer or they ask me
fury because I do not already have my clothes
still police and trash clothes then
well just what is happening is
that rockstar has patched it
they have simply got into the
servers or have the files gotten
of the game and they have cut it off by
the online mode is worth we can simply
have it in bank robberies that already
they know we can dress like police
but before before after a
tutorial or a trick how you want
call him on how to have these clothes in mode
online give it now not now
simply if we go to clothing
saved will appear without articles
so then I want you to tell me
If you think a hundred articles appear with
articles tell me in the comments
if you have disappeared or
you still have it but as I'm seeing
in edit clothes saved to me
I appear empty and I do not appear
police clothes or trash garbage
I had previously
then they apparently removed it from us
simply what has gotten into the
servers or the game files and what
have removed for online mode if what
you still have hope that you put it on
because if you put it on
possibly you can keep it
then we say it is worth that this is the
first news and now I come to bring
another news and it is that you already know that it came out
7 to 5 for pc and I started to go very
file is good so they have brought some
hackers who have found textures of
new super gt which is a gta vehicle
4 I do not want you to be wrong with the
rapid 7 that already manufactures a vehicle
gta 5 in gta 5 is the rapid gt but the
PC textures in the game files
of gta 5 on pc appears the super gt vale
as having on screen this
vehicle that appears on playstation 4 in
but it appears in the previous consoles
is worth the speed and 7 but the one that appears in
screen is the super gt that is from gta 4
Well, now they may bring it
improved people to 5 in the law in
holguin and in pc it is worth but you
you will say fury we are reached from
these vehicles we want new vehicle
we want
we want good the truth how to see craft
I would molar quite as I said
asking fury what things you would like or
what vehicle would you like that
put in gta 5 next time
Well, I would like the jetpack
like everybody to be able to fly by
the city but who knows where
find or do not know where
find because there's a lot of mystery there
many odds a lot of people say
that here it may be but we do not know
where it is or if they are going to
put in gta 5
but good we want for example that
put an over kraus that put me
a new boat a new helicopter
that put new trucks new cars
of speed to run but good the
rap and dgt the super that makes you a
most normal vehicle but good as
have found that texture I come to
Inform yourself and you already know that he is a son
august with the news leave your
fury likes kids really says by
where I like to support a little the
youtuber to support those videos for
attract new news and to know if
you liked the video follow me on
twitter on facebook in the description what
and you will have all my channel
minecraft you will have the description that
I'm going to upload a new series soon
this week very very cool
it is worth saying or it is worth that now you have me
a previous video that you can see a
video in which he reported several
little things and then I go
also some new news that goes
to have gta 5 and some new little things
I hope you liked a greeting to
everyone look how I'm going to move on now
done the first time we go to scholarship I'll go
around here pim pam take lacasitos let's go
over here because they always come
classmates well I'll pass it to the first
well you can say that the play crew
3 of play 4 you will have the description
in case you want to play with me always
put it on bye bye
i
to